DOCS: Add docs for autocomplete (#1981)
bitburner-official/bitburner-src: src/Documentation/doc/basic/autocomplete.md

# Autocomplete

> The BitBurner terminal offers tab-completion, where pressing tab after typing a script name offers suggestions for arguments to pass to the script.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The BitBurner terminal offers tab-completion, where pressing tab after typing a command offers suggestions for arguments to pass. You can customize this behavior for your scripts.
```

This relies on an exported function named "autocomplete" that is placed _outside_ of main, in the base scope of the script.

> ```
>   autocomplete(data, args)
>   data (Object) – general data about the game you might want to autocomplete.
>   args (string[]) – current arguments. Minus run script.js
> ```
> 
> This function must return an array, the contents of which make up the autocomplete options.
> 
> A basic example as a complete script;
> 
> ```javascript
> export function autocomplete(data, args) {
>   return ["argument0", "argument1", "argument2"];
> }
> 

Reviewer: I'd suggest merging these two by using JSDoc. This has the advantage of making a cut-an-pasteable example that will have proper type hinting.
```suggestion
```js
/**
 * @param {AutocompleteData} data - context about the game, useful when autocompleting
 * @param {string[]} args - current arguments, not including "run script.js"
 * @returns {string[]} the array of possible autocomplete options
 */
export function autocomplete(data, args) {
  return ["argument0", "argument1", "argument2"];
}

/** @param {NS} ns */
```

To make this feature more useful, an [AutocompleteData](https://github.com/bitburner-official/bitburner-src/blob/stable/markdown/bitburner.autocompletedata.md) object is provided to the autocomplete function that holds information commonly passed as arguments to scripts, such as server names and filenames.

AutocompleteData is an object with the following properties;

```javascript
  {
    command:    // the command being run, as seen on the terminal.
    enums:      // the ns.enums object with various in-game strings.
    filename:   // the name of the script file containing the autocomplete function.
    hostname:   // the name of the host server the script would be running on.
    processes:  // list of all processes running on the current server.
    servers:    // list of all servers in the game.
    txts:       // list of all text files on the current server.
    scripts:    // list of all scripts on the current server.
    flags:      // the same flags function as passed with ns. Calling this function adds all the flags as autocomplete arguments.
  }
```

Here is a more complete example, utilising and returning information from the AutocompleteData object.

```javascript

> export function autocomplete(data, args) {

Reviewer: I'd include at least the minimal JSDoc boilerplate needed for IDE type completion to work here.
